{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Pong Documentation
\fs24 \ulnone \
\
\ul Overview\
\ulnone There is a ball that bounces around the screen and a line that divides the screen into 2 halves, one for each player. The goal is to use the paddle on your side to hit the ball across your opponent's side. Each time you get the ball across your opponent's line, you get one point. The points needed to win can be set in options.\
There is a single player mode and multiplayer mode. In single player mode, the player controls the paddle at the bottom of the screen and the computer controls the paddle at the top. In multiplayer mode, 2 players play against each other, by each choosing a paddle on either side of the screen.\
There is a countdown at the start of each round durning which ball doesn't move.\
\ul \
Technical\ulnone \
The pong application is comprised of the classes PongAppDelegate and PongViewController. PongViewController controls the ballView, paddleView, optionsView, and startView. \
The startView is brought up when the game launches and at the end of every game.\
The optionsView is accessed through the options button on the startView.\
The player paddle is controlled by touch events on the bottom of the screen. The opponent paddle is controlled by the computer in single player mode and controlled by the other player by touch events on the top of the screen in two player mode.\
\
\ul Ball Movement\
\ulnone The ball moves according to a fixed speed and it's current direction. The direction changes when the ball hits a wall or paddle.\
velocity in x = cos(angle * speed)\
velocity in y = sin(angle * speed)}